oh my god Becky look at her what JK look
at my face because it's me the very
pretty JC Coakley I am back and ready to
attack those pesky love issues let us
begin shells wheeze miss hoot and a half
rights I'm 19 and I've never been in a
relationship now I'm totally fine with
that I focused mostly on school and
getting into college for the past couple
of years of my life and I don't regret
that at all but now that I've reached
all my goals and I'm in college I like
to least dip my toe into the dating
world however this whole new world is
seriously intimidating and I don't know
where to start how do I get a guy
interested where do you usually meet
guys I'm literally so lost help well
girl kudos for you for doing what's
important in life education success and
you know you're so smart no you're so
smart no we're so smart let's kiss now
you've got that all nail down the dating
world ain't nothing compared to cramming
for a final oh it's so rather be boning
right now oh I got one right personally
I prefer quality over quantity I didn't
used to but now I totally do if you have
really good friends start there have
them set you up with someone but also
you have to get out there happy hours
are a great place to start or maybe do
something active like dog walking hiking
maybe a coffee shop there's some cool
people hanging out there also I think
waiting around for a guy to ask you out
is so old-school City trick we need to
go out there and be the one that does it
first right on a piece of paper I think
you're handsome have a nice day fabulous
icebreaker but don't wait around
lingering for an answer cuz that's
awkward
just test the waters drop the bait and
if the dude is down he'll come scurrying
after you you can try a bar it's not a
bad place but it's a little sloppy
sometimes and it's very dark you have no
idea if the dude is ogre or not mmm last
night was so much fun thank you for
letting me crash here it was really oh
my god your face no to dairy 16 says I
think my girlfriends are jealous of the
fact that I'm in an awesome relationship
they always put it down and tell me I
don't spend enough time with them uh-oh
somebody's friends are straight peanut
butter jelly right now jk's I'm sure
your friends just miss you and if
they're really good friends they're
probably stoked that you're in a healthy
relationship even though your priorities
are a little bit different now unless
your boyfriend is a steaming pile of
douche that says misogynistic comments
in public chicks don't need equal pay
you just shut the dang mouth chicks only
good for two things work in and twerking
I'll go grocery shopping they make me a
plate of nachos soy cheese only but
that's a whole other can of worms
chances are your friends are just
responding to the fact that you're
spending a significant amount of time
elsewhere nowadays just keep in mind
that girlfriends need epic hang time to
in order to keep that bond strong as my
mom AKA beverly would say well your
friends will be your friends forever
unless they get high and drive off a
cliff like they did in that Thelma
Louise crap film flick
oh it's chase nice she always gives
great advice that Beverly Kaley cakes
chimes in with I've been dating my
boyfriend for a year and I still don't
feel comfortable not wearing makeup
around him is that weird girl preach I
totally understand your ish right now
when you first start out a relationship
you want to be like perfect all the time
hair did nails did makeup did but then
as your relationship evolves you'll
become more in tune with each other and
more relaxed and know each other on
different levels one of them being Oh
natural you're trying to tell me that
you've sleep swim and shower with all
that makeup on just because you're
afraid your dudes gonna be like you
don't have makeup on you are perfect in
every way and makeup is use to enhance
that perfection not cover it up so you
could pretend to be something you're not
and besides guys can really give two
poops about makeup anyway the only time
they really notice it when you're making
out you have vanilla lip gloss on and
they're like oh uh huh real nice and now
JC's unsolicited tip of the week just
because someone on follows you on
Instagram doesn't mean they don't like
you JK yes it does well that about wraps
up this episode of deer JC keep those
questions coming leave comments below or
tweet at us at the platform YT hashtag
dear JC adios and Yolo some people freak
out if their guy looks at another girl
not me I think it's a part of their
genetic makeup hell I check out dudes
and admire their bodies all the time it
doesn't mean we're gonna bone but it
usually does if you're in a healthy
relationship with communication whoa
then you two can talk it over like
adults